here against a redshirt freshman
experience against youth Jergens great
lake technician oklahoma state not quite
as aggressive this the iowa style but
Thompson on the other hand puts points
up on the board
Jurgens in the iowa black familiar
cowboy orange and if there's a contrast
in styles between Oklahoma State and
Iowa it would be less John Smith Olympic
champion multi NCAA champion for OSU OSU
thought has adopted John Smith style of
low single and they attack on the
fringes are very good attacking single
legs I on the other hand likes to remove
hips they move right in and try double
legs high crotches in which they cut the
hips directly out now you can get to
that from the single leg but Iowa takes
the direct route and it seems at
Oklahoma State here that they've dumped
threatened with that fire
and able to get the first cake down his
tops out let him go right away he thinks
he can do it again Johnny Thompson the
big 12 champ
Eric Jergens the defending champ
they way that they waived the two points
off I don't know if the NIA touched the
ground it happened so fast there but it
beneath it touched the ground then he
put a word to take down but the referee
said no he didn't touch the ground just
default ban referee
Tom Galen reverses himself within just a
matter of seconds John Smith already get
heated up Smith won the NCAA's when he
first came in team championship but he's
had some tough luck since he's had some
good teams come in here but they haven't
been able to perform including this
year's squad Jersey not bad with his own
take down 3-2
Jurgens leads Thompson
let's take a look at it again here here
on the head ankle pick and he switches
off gets a double knocks Thompson down
gets the takedown he leads now 3-2 to
Johnny Thompson backing up got his legs
crossed he'll let it go we're tied at
three with that voluntary escape seem
Thompson seemed a little too relaxed as
he backed off there I'm wondering if he
senses the Jergens is coming after him
hard now he needs to stay focused when I
think focus really is a problem for
Oklahoma State today the truth there at
number one man Reggie right went out
early on he ended up on the wrestle
backs also consolations of maybe a lot
of people know them as but and he ended
up getting pin number once he got
pendant in the wrestle banks so focus I
think maybe goes out the window the
heart fire maybe died just a little bit
well that certainly hurt OSU's chances
of the team championship they needed him
to perform and if he did perform they'd
be in the lead right now absolutely
we shouldn't let it all on right now
yeah you know but I mean as a number one
seed that's a very difficult thing they
have happened to you we are tied at 3 36
seconds to go in the first period
when it's a nice need pick the tops and
turns it around and sports the guys out
one at that what a counter Jurgens had
to take down all but put away but Johnny
Thompson with the counter turned on him
amazing and we're back five to five now
back and forth these two wrestlers are
going that's still five four five four
just a one-point for the escape
Jurgens
so here's the shot by Iowa's Jergens and
they're nearly having him but he
couldn't pull his right arm through to
cover Thompson Thompson alertly through
legs in able to get the score and that's
the end of the first period five for
Thompson on top we'll be back final two
minutes an escape point for Thompson and
we're taught for Jergens and we're tied
I always got the lead and they're still
attacking
the Iowa trade name in your face keep
going there's a familiar face Dan Gable
we hope Dan will be joining us a little
bit later on in the afternoon 7:00 to
7:00 Eric Jergens the defending champion
and Johnny Thompson the big 12 champions
you see him leading Thompson around
forcing him to move to match and that is
the way Iowa loves to wrestle pressure
nothing from the outside in your face
boy he's got Thompson backing up got him
off-balance just a bit Thompson has no
time to hit any offense he's doing
everything he can just to counter and it
gets frustrating when you can't get drew
up inside track Thompson was hit for a
stall call early
and again there it goes
Jurgens now on the ankle so it is an
eight to seven lead for Iowa's Eric
Jergens with 57 seconds to go no writing
time sometimes this is where experience
pays off you've been in this situation
as a freshman Willie panic oh really
great late in the match I would always
put the chips on the Iowa wrestler oh
yeah
it's gonna come to take down here
Thompson has a hope that to take down
and the Jergens gets when it should put
the match away once again it's Iowa the
athlete's moving forward
20 seconds to a national championship
again for Eric Jurgis they're out the
interesting for Jergens now he has an
opportunity to shoot on wide open legs
you probably take it to try to kill the
time hanging on the legs otherwise he's
going to have to fend in there oh he's
got to go he's got the single leg
Thompson came right after him
oh there's a wicked
one senators for chem seven terrific
counter
juergen